---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Spark that was Lit
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-27-1
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

  My passion for gaming is what drove me into becoming a programmer. I always wanted to create a video game with a fun gameplay mechanic and a strong story behind the characters and lore. At first, I hesitated to pursue a career in video game development because I wanted to do something that is more socially accepted. Electrical Engineering came into mind as I enter college, but that all change when I took my first ICS course and I found coding to be an enjoyment passion, so I stick with it.
Software engineering can be challenging and often stressful, but the end result is so rewarding. I came into computer science with little to no knowledge of coding. I remember I attempt to learn it in the past, but fell short in developing the basic structure of a program. My passion for coding came from my love for video games. I knew at an early age that I wanted to be involved in the evolution of technology. My interest in software engineering lie in the creative side. 
I love finding ways to create something that comes out to what I imagine it to be. The process of getting to the end result can be mentally exhausting, but overcoming the obstacle is the best feeling in the world. Programming is like an open-ended question, it is so diverse on how to can approach a problem and so free where a person can program whatever they set there minds to. The possibilities are endless and that is what I like about my ICS journey.
In the future, I hope I can become faster at problem-solving and typing down codes. So far, I been decent in my knowledge of the material as I know how to solve certain problems, but it takes me a while to actually complete. I want to become fast that completing the task and that only come with daily practices. An experience that I want to have one-day tests out my coding skills in the workforce or in a competition. Right now, I just don’t have the time, but I am looking forward to it.

